JSON Stringify documentation update (space parameter) (#10284)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/json/stringify/index.md

    object are included in the resulting JSON string.
- `space` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : A {{JSxRef("String")}} or {{JSxRef("Number")}} object that's used to insert indentation, white space,
>     and line break characters into the output JSON string for readability purposes.

Reviewer: Hamish is correct. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
  - : A {{JSxRef("String")}} or {{JSxRef("Number")}} object that's used to insert white space (including indentation, line break characters, etc.) into the output JSON string for readability purposes.
```
